Clarify host meaning (#1623)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_assigning-convert2rhel-role-to-project-server.adoc

[id="assigning_the_convert2rhel_role_to_project_server_{context}"]
= Assigning the Convert2RHEL Role to {ProjectServer}

.Procedure

> Use this procedure to assign the Ansible Role to {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: It's probably better to move this line above the actual procedure:

```
anchor
title

this line

.Procedure
. step 1 ...
. step 2 ...
```

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts > All Hosts*.

> . Select the {ProjectServer}, and in the new Host Page click the *Edit* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select your {ProjectServer}, and click the *Edit* button.
```

[id="assigning_the_convert2rhel_role_to_project_server_{context}"]
= Assigning the Convert2RHEL Role to {ProjectServer}

Use this procedure to assign the Ansible Role to {ProjectServer}.

.Procedure

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts > All Hosts*.

> . Select your {ProjectServer}, and click the *Edit* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select your {ProjectServer} and click the *Edit* button.
```
